Interface tester/tester plugin (#57)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: README.md

|               | [`kratos_external_idp`](interfaces/kratos_external_idp/v0/README.md) | ![Status: Draft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Draft-orange)  |
|               | [`kratos_endpoints`](interfaces/kratos_endpoints/v0/README.md)       | ![Status: Draft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Draft-orange)  |

For a more detailed explanation of statuses and how they should be used, see [the legend](https://github.com/canonical/charm-relation-interfaces/blob/main/LEGEND.md).

# Relation interface tests

> In order to automatically validate whether a charm satisfies a given relation interface, the relation interface maintainer(s) need to write one or more **relation interface testers**. A relation interface tester is a collection of [scenario-based test cases](https://github.com/canonical/ops-scenario), each one of which checks that, given a specific (relation) event, the charm will do what the interface specifies. For example, most interface testers will check that, on relation changed, the charm will write a certain value into its (app/unit) databag, and perhaps that that value matches a certain (json)schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to automatically validate whether a charm satisfies a given relation interface, the relation interface maintainer(s) need to write one or more **relation interface testers**. A relation interface tester is a collection of [scenario-based test cases](https://github.com/canonical/ops-scenario), each one of which checks that, given an intitial context, when a relation event is triggered, the charm will do what the interface specifies. For example, most interface testers will check that, on relation changed, the charm will write a certain value into its (app/unit) databag, and perhaps that that value matches a certain (json)schema.
```

For a more detailed explanation of statuses and how they should be used, see [the legend](https://github.com/canonical/charm-relation-interfaces/blob/main/LEGEND.md).

# Relation interface testers

In order to automatically validate whether a charm satisfies a given relation interface, the relation interface maintainer(s) need to write one or more **relation interface testers**. A relation interface tester is a collection of [scenario-based test cases](https://github.com/canonical/ops-scenario), each one of which checks that, given an intitial context, when a relation event is triggered, the charm will do what the interface specifies. For example, most interface testers will check that, on relation changed, the charm will write a certain value into its (app/unit) databag, and perhaps that that value matches a certain (json)schema.

> See [the tester documentation](tester/plugin/README.md) for more.

Reviewer: Does this file exist?
